And so we're talking about technology today.
And as has been mentioned by our commenters,
Jehovah's organization is certainly making good, positive use
of technology to get the good news preached.
Every week we receive letters of appreciation
from those who have been watching JWB, JW Broadcasting.
They just love to watch the programs.
And this morning, I'd like to talk a little bit more
about our website, JW.org.
Did you know that many people are first recognizing
the sound of the truth through JW.org,
even before they have had a personal contact
with the Jehovah's Witness? It's true.
And I'd like to share some experiences with you this morning.
The first one has to do with Kajja.
She was dissatisfied with her church.
And so she decided to investigate various religions.
Now, in the old days, people would just go from one church
to the other, but modern day people go on the website.
And they want to know what various churches teach.
And as she was investigating the teaching of various religions,
she noticed that there were a lot of negative comments
about Jehovah's Witnesses.
Did that stop her? No, because she was a fair-minded person.
So she went online and found our website.
And she found the frequently asked questions section of the website.
And she loved it.
Every question was answered with the Bible.
And that's what she wanted in a religion.
Well, she noticed on our website that there was an invitation
to attend our meetings.
And so she talked to schoolmate into going with her to the Kingdom Hall.
She was a schoolgirl.
Now, she loved what she heard at the Kingdom Hall,
and she was so warmly welcomed.
But wouldn't you know it? Her parents were opposed.
And soon after she made that one foray to the Kingdom Hall,
they moved to an isolated area where there were none
of Jehovah's Witnesses.
And Kaja was caught off from any association with the Witnesses for one year.
But not to be deterred.
She studied all of our publications on the website.
And she kept up to date with the truth.
In September of 2014, she was again able to make contact with the Witnesses
and she accepted a Bible study.
And in July 2015, she was baptized.
So she got the truth.
Her initial contact with the truth was on at www.org.
Now, speaking of being cut off from the Witnesses,
that's Kenji's problem.
He's a 15-year-old boy in Japan.
He would love to attend meetings at the Kingdom Hall.
But his father forbids him from attending.
But here's what Kenji has to say.
He says, I watch JW Broadcasting and JW.org every day.
I see brothers doing their best, and that encourages me.
One day I will become a great brother.
Please wait.
While speaking of lifelines, we were at a circuit assembly
in St. Louis, Missouri, over the weekend.
And a sister told me that she had been very gravely ill
for a whole year, so ill that she couldn't attend the meetings
and she wasn't able to tie in to the meetings.
But she said her lifeline was JW Broadcasting and JW.org.
So these technological innovations are really accomplishing a good work.
Let's talk about Alinka.
She's a physics teacher.
And one day she was at the home of an acquaintance
and there was a strange man there, a man that she didn't know.
But she was really impressed with this man.
He was so friendly, so warm and kind and balanced too.
And after he left, she mentioned that to the householder.
And the householder said, it's all true, what you say.
But there's one problem.
He's one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
Another negative comment about Jehovah's Witnesses.
What did she do?
She went home and she went online.
And she found her website.
For five months, she carefully studied all of the material on our website.
And at the end of five months, she decided to go to the Kingdom Hall.
And she made a very interesting comment, something I hadn't really thought about.
She said, thanks to JW.org, nothing in the hall seemed strange to me.
The program, the people, all of it was familiar.
After she attended meetings for a month, she asked for a Bible study.
So she was careful, but she got the truth.
And her first encounter after that man was our website.
Dregan was a Franciscan monk in Slovenia.
He'd been in the order for a number of years, but there was something missing.
There was a void in his life.
He realized that his religion was not satisfying his spiritual need.
So he went online and he joined a chat room with a bunch of evangelicals.
Well, as you can imagine, eventually some negative comments were made about Jehovah's Witnesses.
Did that stop Dregan?
No.
Another fear-minded person.
He thought it's not fair to criticize Jehovah's Witnesses when, thankfully,
none of Jehovah's Witnesses are in that chat room.
So he went online and found her website, and he was delighted with the quality of the website.
Now he was a monk, and in the Franciscan order, that particular Franciscan order,
the monks were only allowed to leave the monastery on Mondays.
So one day he found the address of the branch office in Slovenia,
and a Monday morning he went to the branch and got a tour.
And the brothers received him very warmly.
He was very impressed with what he saw, and he came away with a novel idea.
He came away with the thought that he should be reading the Bible every day.
And so he went back to the monastery, went online, and started reading the Bible online every day.
His fellow monks observed this, and they thought this was hilarious.
What's the Catholic monk doing reading the Bible?
But he didn't allow their opposition to deter him.
He kept reading the Bible, and then kept consulting JW.org,
and he realized on consulting the website that the memorial that year was on a Monday.
So he was going to be able to attend, and he did, and that did it.
That meeting.
He made the decision to leave the Catholic church and to leave the monastery.
So now there were a lot of challenges to overcome.
It wasn't so easy, but he persevered.
And in June of 2014, he left the church, he left the monastery,
and then in the month of October of that same year, he was baptized as one of Jehovah's Witnesses,
since he has served as an auxiliary pioneer.
As Sister in Finland, he was studying with the Bulgarian woman,
and one day the woman asked her to drive her to the hospital.
Oh, are you ill?
Well, the woman hemmed and hot, and finally she admitted she wanted to have an abortion.
Well, as Sister said, I can't, my conscience won't allow me to drive you to the hospital for that,
and then she shared some scriptures with the woman on God's view of life.
But then she had an idea.
At the end of every study, and here's something that you might want to implement,
at the end of every study, she shows the woman something from the website,
and she remembered something.
Song number 88, children, a trust from God, had come out in the Bulgarian language
as sung by a children's chorus.
So she played song 88 to the woman in the Bulgarian language.
The woman's heart was touched, and she canceled the abortion.
She said, I'm going to have the baby.
If it's a boy, his name will be Angel.
If it's a girl, Angelina, because God protected the child.
And I think the children's chorus helped a little bit too.
Now, we have, for years, been encouraging pioneers and publishers
who conduct Bible studies to direct interest to the organization.
And we printed a brochure.
And then we printed a simplified brochure with many pictures.
And these brochures have had some success.
But I think what has really opened the eyes of the brothers and our Bible students
to the organization has been JW Broadcasting and JW.org.
And you see now as you go from one congregation to another or one circuit to another
that the brothers are really talking about the organization as they never did before.
So it's obvious that technology has contributed to the understanding of the brothers
and to the spread of the good news.
Now, here's a warning.
Technology has a place.
It has a big place.
But there is a danger.
Have you ever heard the term fubbing?
Fubbing?
P-H-U-B-B-I-N-G.
It's a combination of foam and snubbing.
And it refers to the act of ignoring real people while consulting an electronic device.
So picture a man and a woman in a restaurant.
And each one is online.
Each one is consulting a different website or answering mail.
And they're not talking to each other.
It's a real problem, according to a study by Baylor University.
So what we want to do is to stay connected, not just to the internet,
but to stay connected to real people to those around us.
A brother John Barr of the governing body used to say that if we shut out those around us
while consulting an electronic device, we're really not focusing on the sounds of life.
We are missing the sounds of life.
And we're also missing out on opportunities to strengthen our bond with others.